Edits and updates to First Steps and Intro docs (#862)
iotaledger/documentation: getting-started/1.5/introduction/about-iota.md

### Anyone who values security

> IOTA uses multiple, secure signatures to prorect the network agaunst the next generation of computing power.

Reviewer: `prorect`, `agaunst`

> IOTA uses multiple, secure signatures to prorect the network agaunst the next generation of computing power.

Author: ```suggestion
IOTA uses multiple, secure signatures to protect the network against the next generation of computing power.
```
